Add documentation on array indexing (#1838)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/guides/connection_management.rst

      'delay': 1.0,
      'source': 1,
      'receptor': 0}]

> Connecting sparse matrices with array indexing

Reviewer: I think this section should maybe be placed further up, after connecting spatial networks maybe? To make the flow of the document more natural

Author: I've moved it.

----------------------------------------------

One may want to generate connections from a sparse matrix of connection weights.

> Assume we have a weight matrix on the form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume we have a weight matrix of the form:
```

.. math::

    W = \begin{bmatrix}
    w_{11} & w_{21} & \cdots & w_{n1} \\
    w_{12} & w_{22} & \cdots & w_{n2} \\
    \vdots & \vdots & \ddots & \vdots \\
    w_{1m} & w_{2m} & \cdots & w_{nm} \\
    \end{bmatrix},

where :math:`w_{ij}` is the weight of the connection with presynaptic node :math:`i`

> and postsynaptic node :math:`j`. Now assume that some weights are zero. Instead of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and postsynaptic node :math:`j`. We can assume that some weights are zero. Instead of
```

> and postsynaptic node :math:`j`. Now assume that some weights are zero. Instead of

Reviewer 2: This appears to be a sentence fragment. Could you please revise it?

> creating connections with zero weight in these cases, we want to not create these

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
creating connections with zero weight in these cases, we do not want to create these
```

connections at all.

There is currently no way to create connections from the whole matrix in one go, so we

> will iterate the presynaptic neurons and connect one column at the time. We assume

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will iterate the presynaptic neurons and connect one column at a time. We assume
```

that we have :math:`n` presynaptic and :math:`m` postsynaptic nodes in the NodeCollections
`presynaptic` and `postsynaptic`, respectively. We also assume that we have a weight matrix
as a two-dimensional NumPy array `W`, with :math:`n` columns and :math:`m` rows.

::

> 

Reviewer: Could you also create `presynaptic`, `postsynaptic` and `W` so that the user can just copy paste everything an it will work?

Author: Done!

    for i, pre in enumerate(presynaptic):
        # Extract the weights column.
        weights = W[:, i]

>         # To only connect pairs where the weight is nonzero,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        # To only connect pairs with a nonzero weight,
```

        # we use array indexing to extract the weights and postsynaptic neurons.
        nonzero_indices = numpy.where(weights != 0)[0]
        weights = weights[nonzero_indices]
        post = postsynaptic[nonzero_indices]

>         # Generate an array of node IDs for the column, with length based on the

Reviewer: the "column" mentioned here, is that the weight column?

Author: Yes. I've added it.
